DOCSP-35686 Embedded Verifier (#339)
mongodb/docs-cluster-to-cluster-sync: source/includes/fact-verifier-limitations.rst

The embedded verifier has the following limitations:

- ``mongosync`` stores the verifier state in memory, which can result
  in a significant memory overhead. To run verification checks, ``mongosync``
  requires 1 GB of memory for every 20 million documents.

> - Verification is not resumable. If a user stops and then starts ``mongosync``

Reviewer: Consider "cannot be resumed".

> - Verification is not resumable. If a user stops and then starts ``mongosync``

Reviewer: Rewrite long statement.

Avoid "killing".

Author: Fixed

>   for any reason (whether they do so by pausing and resuming the sync or by stopping 

Reviewer: Consider rewrite to simplify long statement.

Author: Fixed

  the ``mongosync`` process and restarting it), the verification process
  must start over from the beginning.

> - The verifier is not compatible with :ref:`namespace filtering <c2c-filtered-sync>`

Reviewer: Consider rewrites throughout. Use "isn't" rather than "is not". Same with "does not", consider "doesn't".

Author: Fixed

  or :ref:`reverse sync <c2c-api-reverse>`. The :ref:`/start <c2c-api-start>`

>   endpoint returns an error if you enable these features and the the verifier.

Reviewer: Duplicate word.

Author: Fixed

> - The verifier does not verify sync on indexes or collection metadata.

Reviewer: Rewrite to clarify what this means. I don't understand it.

Author: Fixed

- The verifier does not perform verification checks on the following collections:

  - Capped collections
  - Collections with TTL indexes
  - Collections with non-default collation
  - Views

> - The verifier is not compatible with most beta features:

Reviewer: "these beta features"?

Author: Fixed

> The embedded verifier has the following limitations:

Reviewer 2: The embedded verifier also won't support using `buildIndexes:never` on a cluster that has collections with TTL indexes.
cc @mmcclimon

Author: @jddubois, @mmcclimon  We already note that the verifier doesn't check indexes and doesn't check collections with TTL indexes.  Is this a separate issue? Like it errors out on `buildIndexes: never`?

Reviewer 3: Yes; sorry, this is a recent change and hasn't made it into the code yet, so it's not yet in the downstream changes document.

If mongosync is started with `buildIndexes: never` and the verifier sees a TTL collection, mongosync will return an error and the migration will fail.

Author: Fixed

- ``mongosync`` stores the verifier state in memory, which can
  result in a significant memory overhead. To run verification

>   checks, ``mongosync`` requires 1 GB of memory for every 20

Reviewer 2: This is also increased due the the fix for _id types that can change. It's now ~1GB per 17M documents.

IMO we should say something like `requires approximately 1 GB of memory for every 15 million documents on the source cluster` to be conservative.

>   checks, ``mongosync`` requires 1 GB of memory for every 20

Author: Fixed

  million documents.

- Verification cannot be resumed. If a user stops and then starts

>   ``mongosync`` for any reason, the verification process must start

Author: Fixed

  over from the beginning.

- The verifier isn't compatible with :ref:`namespace filtering
  <c2c-filtered-sync>` or :ref:`reverse sync <c2c-api-reverse>`.
  The :ref:`/start <c2c-api-start>` endpoint returns an error if
  you enable these features and the verifier.

> - The verifier doesn't perform any verification checks on

Reviewer 2: It'd be nice to make the stuff we're not verifying super obvious to readers

Author: Broke Limitations list down into several sections to help with visibility.

  indexes or collection metadata.

- The verifier doesn't perform checks on the following
  collections:

  - Capped collections
  - Collections with TTL indexes
  - Collections that don't use the default collation
  - Views

- The verifier isn't compatible with these beta features:

  - :ref:`c2c-beta-many-to-one`
  - :ref:`c2c-beta-abc-migration`
  - :ref:`c2c-beta-document-filtering`
  - :ref:`c2c-beta-namespace-remapping`
  - :ref:`c2c-beta-destination-data-handling`

>   - Source clusters that run MongoDB 4.4 and earlier

Author: @rohshar, I put these notes back in as DOCSP-43393 will publicize beta support for older server releases.

Compatibility
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The embedded verifier is not available in mongosync 1.8 and
earlier.

For alternative verification methods, see :ref:`c2c-verification`.

Limitations
~~~~~~~~~~~

The embedded verifier has the following limitations:

- ``mongosync`` stores the verifier state in memory, which can
  result in a significant memory overhead. To run verification

>   checks, ``mongosync`` requires approximately 1 GB of memory

Reviewer 4: Can we  update this to 0.5GB per 1 million documents?

Author: Fixed

Compatibility
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The embedded verifier is not available in mongosync 1.8 and
earlier.

For alternative verification methods, see :ref:`c2c-verification`.

Limitations
~~~~~~~~~~~

The embedded verifier has the following limitations:

> - ``mongosync`` stores the verifier state in memory, which can

Reviewer 2: We had to drop support for verification on migrations with sharded clusters. Can we add this as the first limitation?

Author: Fixed

  result in a significant memory overhead. To run verification
  checks, ``mongosync`` requires approximately 0.5 GB of memory
  for every 1 million documents.

- Verification cannot be resumed. If a user stops or pauses sync
  and then starts ``mongosync`` again for any reason, the
  verification process restarts from the beginning. This can
  cause verification to fall substantially behind the migration.

> - The verifier isn't compatible with :ref:`reverse sync

Reviewer 4: The verifier is compatible with reverse enabled syncs in the forward direction. However, it will not run for the /reverse sync or any subsequent reversals.

  <c2c-api-reverse>`. If you call the :ref:`/start

>   <c2c-api-start>` endp;oint with reverse enabled, the verifier

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  <c2c-api-start>` endpoint with reverse enabled, the verifier
```

>   runs its checks on the destination cluster. If you then call

Author: Fixed

Compatibility
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The embedded verifier is not available in mongosync 1.8 and
earlier.

For alternative verification methods, see :ref:`c2c-verification`.

Limitations
~~~~~~~~~~~

The embedded verifier has the following limitations:

- ``mongosync`` stores the verifier state in memory, which can
  result in a significant memory overhead. To run verification
  checks, ``mongosync`` requires approximately 1 GB of memory
  for every 15 million documents.

> - Verification cannot be resumed. If a user stops and then starts

Author: Fixed

  ``mongosync`` requires approximately 10 GB of memory, plus an

>   addition 500 MB for every 1 million documents.

Reviewer 5: addition -> additional

Reviewer 4: This can be a fast-follow if needed.

Author: Fixed

  fall substantially behind the migration.

- The verifier isn't compatible with :ref:`reverse sync
  <c2c-api-reverse>`. The :ref:`/start <c2c-api-start>` endpoint
  returns an error if you enable this feature and the
  verifier.

> TTL Collections

Author: Fixed
